[Music]
alexis conran on times radio
now if you'd like to know what's in the
sunday papers but you just don't have
the time to wade through them then we
are here for yout worry not over the
next 45 minutes or so we'll be mining
the sunday papers for the important
stuff the funny stuff and the you could
make it up stuff here to help me is my
expert panel kirsty buchanan former
political editor at the sunday express
and special advisor at 10 downing street
now campaign director at mainstream uk
kirsty good afternoon
good afternoon to you lovely to have you
back and joining us as well is gary
stevenson economist and former cities
trader uh good afternoon gary
afternoon alexis now look before we kick
off i'm gonna ask you the same question
i've been asking the listeners your
favorite christmas songs your personal
number ones kirsty which song are you
gonna go for it doesn't have to be a
christmas song by the way
yeah i'm a bit bar humbug when it comes
to christmas experience videos so i
don't tend to like most of them i'd
probably have to go with
fairy tale for me york probably the
pogue
oh nice we like hugely christmassy but
well
no it's but it is a christmassy song i
would say but yes it's not your sort of
jingle bellsy in the background
christmas song and singing about snow
but we can't like the pokes for
christmas uh gary
uh i think the one that most reminds me
of my childhood has got to be that mr
blobby one isn't it i think the title is
probably um mr blobby i was about seven
yeah i loved it at the time uh i have to
say i've i've been saying to the
production teams like oh let's let's
pick uh people's favorites and try and
try and play them later on i guarantee
you gary we're not going to be hearing
mr blobby later on
a bit of a shame uh now look uh let's
kick off by having a look at what's in
the papers let's look at the front
uh uh the the pages uh kirsty why don't
you kick us off what are the sunday
times leading with
yeah so the sunday times has got a data
story that that is a warning about the
impact on the nhs of unvaccinated
covid patients so
90 of covert patients that require the
most specialist care within the nhs are
unvaccinated
and between 20 and 30 of critical care
beds in england are occupied by
covid patients of which three quarters
of those are
not vaccinated now
when you think we've got 5.8 million
people on the waiting list for nhs care
some with quite life-limiting
conditions you can see why the impact of
that is causing a great amount of anger
and upset for nhs doctors and nurses
we'll we'll um we'll discuss that story
in a little bit of depth in the moment
uh let's have a look at some of the
other headlines the sunday telegraph
gary what are they leading with
sunday telegraph is leading with covered
pill to be rolled out before christmas
so there's a new drug it's called
legerio or malnu pirovi so we'll jot
that down
sanji javid is described as a game
changer uh it's not performed so well in
clinical trials but it's been passed
they're going to roll out for christmas
it's not going to stop omicron but
hopefully it might reduce the number of
deaths that you're seeing from kobe okay
kirsten take us to the observer what are
they leading with
kirsty are you with us
no we'll try and get kirsty back i can
tell you the observer has been leading
with johnson faces trust crisis uh
sleaze shatters faith in mps uh not good
news for mps it turns out quite a lot of
people uh their trust in mps and all
politicians no matter whether they're
conservative liberal democrats labour
mps are enjoying the worst
trust numbers we've seen in a long time
we're going to try and get kirsty back
when we can uh gary i hope you're still
with us uh let's look at the sun on
sunday what are they leading with yeah
the sun on sundays uh leading with the
very important story tv celeb danny's
divorce rall so uh danny miller who i'm
reliably informed is an emmerdale actor
and he's on i'm a celebrity is engaged
to a woman who is already married but
separated many years ago everybody's
moved on found new partners is very
happy hopefully the fun will move on
soon as well very well handled gary very
well handled uh now the mail on sunday
uh it's a story we're going to talk
about in a minute it talks about uh
prince william's mental health crisis
we're going to get into that a little
bit later gary the sunday mirror what
are they leading with
so the sunday mirror is even with um our
loved ones died while number 10 parties
and i think everybody will have heard
about this story so last december while
london was in tier 3 restrictions and
many people's parents and grandparents
were very sadly dying in hospital alone
because you won't have to go see them
apparently number 10 was holding parties
for 40 to 50 people
uh yeah lots of sad stories there about
people who couldn't see their their
parents their grandparents um
and yes massive parties for boris at
that same time yeah today uh dominic rob
when he was doing doing the media rounds
he said the the metropolitan police are
not used to looking at incidents that
happened over a year ago and that seems
the government line that has been taken
that no rules were broken and uh what
happened a year ago even if it was rule
blake it breaking is not something the
police would be interested in looking
into i think the public might have a
different opinion to that yeah let's see
how that is going to progress i believe
kirsty's back and she's ready to take us
up back to her old stomping ground the
sunday express uh kirsty what are they
leading with
um yeah this is a um
quite a sweet story a couple of papers
have splashed on different elements
of uh this prince william podcast
and this is about
his memories of uh
of his mother and how they used to sing
to calm his nerves on the way back to uh
boarding school yeah i thought it was a
very sweet story that saying tina's turn
is simply the best when uh he and prince
harry were being sent back to boarding
school which can be quite traumatic for
kids when they're leaving their family
to go back to uh boarding school uh gary
uh the independent online the good uh
they've they're the only ones who
dealing with a completely different
story to the rest of the papers what
have they gone for
yeah but i think it's an important story
uh it's top tories tell patel to
overhaul the asylum system so you know
everybody would have seen these terrible
stories of many people dying trying to
cross the channel
apparently
some people want to allow asylum seekers
to seek refuge at any embassy all over
the world which basically means you
don't have to make that channel crossing
in order to apply for asylum in the uk
and um
you know we'd love to see the details we
can talk about it a bit more but it
sounds like potentially a way to prevent
these these terrible deaths from
happening which you know we need to stop
if we can we're going to get stuck into
that story a little bit later uh kirsty
the sunday people
sunday people yes now this is um again a
very important story so paula hudson who
who was the is the adoptive parent of
tony hudson who was a little boy who was
tortured so badly uh that he lost both
his legs has successfully campaigned for
the introduction of
tony's law which is going to bring in
tougher sentences
for people who uh cause the death of
children she wants the justice secretary
don rad to go further though she wants
her sort of life register if you like
for people that are convicted of
committing violence against children
much as we have a sex offenders register
so it's an important intervention from
her i think
okay and finally gary another favorite
one for you
giving you all the celeb stories the
star on sunday david gillin i believe on
is on the front cover
yeah i mean a little bit ridiculous
following up after that extremely
serious story but the star is running
with david ginlar i raised the dead when
david didn't gina david gillard who was
a former football law for newcastle and
tottenham
did a seance when he was a teenager they
spoke to the the deceased mother of one
of his friends you know great for them
uh if i could speak to my deceased nan i
should have a lot to talk about it's
been a while right well look uh let's uh
let's kick off with that big story
that's in the sunday times a doctor's
anger as unjabbed fill emergency beds
top consultant says cancer ops are being
delayed uh as kirsty told us earlier we
are having nine out of ten people on
ventilators uh unjabbed and
i find this a little bit odd i mean i
tend to i'll follow a few accounts that
i would describe on social media as
anti-vaxx although
if you ask them they'd say they're not
anti-vaxx they're pro-choice um but they
seem to be doing everything they can to
sort of
take away any confidence in the vaccine
but they insist that people should have
a choice to take the vaccine
and i i don't quite understand their
argument because they're also the same
people who are anti-lockdown
and they're anti-lockdown because they
say that lockdowns of course have an
impact on other elements of people's
health missed appointments and
everything else and what i don't
understand is how they cannot see the
fact that
unvaccinated people ending up in icu
does also mean that people with cancer
operations people with emergency
operations cannot afford to get these
operations done kirsty because those
beds are being taken up by unvaccinated
people
well yes indeed as my mother used to say
though there's no there's no arguing
with stupidity so
um i mean look you know we've got 5.8
million people on the waiting list the
health sector said earlier in the year
that our health waiting list could rise
to
uh 30 million uh over the winter i mean
you know you started to think about it
and the potential for
lives lost on it now look i don't
believe in mandatory vaccinations if you
don't want to get vaccinated you kind of
you pays your money you pose your chance
as much as you if you smoke or if you
you know eat to excess but having said
that what i do really object to is the
sort of anti-vaxxer brigade appears
corbin's of the world spreading
disinformation that frightens people
into not taking back things that's what
i object to
uh quite profoundly now i mean i had
uh breast cancer last christmas
um and one of the things i was most
terrified about was that my cancer
operation would get cancelled because of
because of covered and because of
lockdown i cannot imagine how awful it
must be to have cancer growing inside
you and be told that your operation is
cancelled because you simply don't have
the beds or the surgeons to be able to
cope with it and you know if i had one
sort of magic wish if you like him
changing laws quickly it would be some
severe punishment for spreading medical
disinformation that frightens people out
of getting vaccines
gary what are your thoughts a few people
reacting to this story again there's the
usual suspects who who are as cursed is
saying spreading sometimes not just
misinformation but just
distrust if you like in the vaccine are
saying well actually if you're going to
blame unvaccinated people taking up beds
at the icu then you should drink you
should blame heavy drinkers heavy
smokers uh you know people who are not
looking after their health
my argument to that would be
i think with drink and smoking that is
you could class that as an addiction i
think not taking the vaccine has nothing
to do with eviction that is just a
choice
uh that people have what are your
thoughts on on this story gary
yeah it's an important story and you
know it's not going to go away because
we're still seeing waves of covered and
it's leading to a massive backlog for
the nhs so the nhs is going to be
crowded for a long period of time and
this unvaccination issue is important i
mean for me you know i i live in east
london i promise london i grew up in
quite a poor area and what i find often
is there's a lot of people in the area
where i'm from friends from my childhood
that are very skeptical of of the
vaccination and i think it's because
they've sort of lived in the last sort
of 11 12 years where
the government is doing nothing to help
poorer people and yet richer people seem
to get rich and rich and they've lost
faith in the government over time and
it's led to this situation where you
know we have a really serious issue here
and there's so little faith in
government that bet they're unwilling to
get vaccinated but i think the most
important thing is that we address how
can we change this because pointing our
fingers at these guys and calling them
stupid is not going to prove anything
and now i think we need to consider you
know can we offer financial incentives
to people to get vaccinated you know
during the first year of kobe we saw the
biggest ever increase in billionaire
worlds in this country the average
billionaire increased their wealth by
620 million pounds during kovis maybe
rather than rising national insurance to
all three people we could tax these guys
and pay people to get vaccinated helping
reduce inequality and also
solving this health crisis okay i like
it uh it's it's a thought uh now look
kirsten and gary have got uh plenty of
stories to take us through all the way
up to two o'clock
prime minister boris johnson has ordered
a wide-ranging national inquiry into the
murder of arthur involving police
schools social services probation
watchdogs and this is to learn lessons
from the case the mail on sunday notes
that attorney general suella braverman
is to review whether the sentence is
handed to our arthur's stepmother and
his father were too lenient and should
be referred to the court of appeal
during the couple's trial it emerged
that at least three warnings from family
members and teachers about arthur's
plight had not been
heeded gary what was your reaction to
this story we are going to have a review
as we spoke about a little bit earlier
but we've had many reviews but we've
heard from one of the people who carried
out the inquiry to victoria crumbier
case back in 2000 lord layming who spoke
to me at the beginning of the show that
reviews are helpful because you get to
establish the facts and find out exactly
what went wrong
yeah well i mean first of all you know
just listening to the grandmother
speaking there the obvious reaction that
anyone is going to have to do
this story is an emotional reaction
because it's it's
it's a heartbreaking story and you know
anyone who listens to this story like i
think should just take a bit of time to
think about you know not just offer but
but all of the kids in this country who
have to deal with abusive situations at
home because unfortunately it does
happen
um
and we have a social care system and
there obviously needs to be a review and
we don't know
whether there was a case of negligence
and care you know we see in the story
that three people within the family
tried to sort of raise alert and they
were investigated but they nothing but
no further action was taken um you know
my mum was a social worker um and i
remember when i was a teenager watching
her you know she had an enormous
caseload of so many kids and and i think
she knew that it was too many and
you know she she would have loved to
have more time to give each one of these
kids the attention that that they
deserve but the the case that she had
was so enormous that she just wasn't
able to give everything the time that he
needed so i think we need to be
open-minded we need to have inquiry and
understand you know possibly there's big
mistakes made by individuals and if
there are we need to find them possibly
there's systemic mistakes in the system
but also possibly there's just a problem
of underfunding and not giving enough
social workers that we need to prevent
terrible things like this from happening
kirsty social care has been a big
subject and as gary was mentioning there
the funding of social care has seen what
our recent tax rises to national
insurance contributions
is this again going to come down to
underfunding of social care or not in
having enough people again real life
experience there from gary's mom too
many kids just one person dealing with
it
and in a way
even though what lord layming said you
always need a review or an inquiry to
establish the facts are we going to get
back to exactly what we get back to
every time which is we need to put more
money into social care if we want to
give these kids a chance
um well i mean i listened to dominic
rabb this morning saying you know an
additional five billion pounds had gone
into local authorities um
i think it's 50 million uh if i if i'm
right but i'll double we'll double check
that because 5 billion sounds a lot
yeah it is a lot and uh
4.8 billion to be precise um went into
social care over there for local
authorities
uh to handle you know its pandemic
response
a good deal of which will have gone into
social care funding i mean look some of
this is resources some of this is
systemic some of this might be
individual failure the truth is at the
moment we simply don't know we will have
to wait for the inquiry but we've had a
number of these inquiries and a number
of these appalling appalling incidences
you know baby p victoria colombo daniel
pelker quite often
um
what has seemed to have happened is that
warning signs are are not picked up on
um it was definitely the case with
victoria campbell there were 17 specific
instances where intervention could have
perhaps saved her life daniel pelker the
school teachers reported him
going through the bins looking for food
and again with this case we hear that
people the uncle and the grandmother
both raised the alarm the social
services were involved and so were the
police so
you know it's too early to say it's too
early to rush to judgment on it um
but you know
i wonder whether resources are always
the answer sometimes it is either
systemic or simply individual failure
but let's not rush to judgment on this
terrible terrible case we'll just have
to wait and see how the inquiry rolls
out okay
let's move on to another story this one
is in the sun on sunday this is boris
johnson waging a war on drugs he's given
an interview to the sun in sunday which
he says he will unleash
a war on drugs next week in fact the
paper reports he will unveil a 10-year
plan to invest millions in rehab for
addicts coupled with harsher penalties
for pushers and recreational buyers one
eye-catching measure the paper
highlights is that in an attempt to
target middle-class cocaine users courts
will be given powers to take away
passports from users caught with class a
substances the paper says that the usual
fines aren't much of a deterrent to
well-off people who might pass around
cocaine at posh parties now mr johnson
says politicians have dithered over the
scourge for too long sometimes because
they once dabbled in drugs themselves
and don't want to be asked about it the
paper reminds us that mr johnson has
previously admitted trying cocaine at
university but he said it made him
sneeze and had no effect
uh and he's one of uh many uh cabinet
ministers that have admitted to drug use
um gary
the war on drugs i mean i think i can
remember that phrase from the reagan era
in the 80s
i think we can safely say that the war
on drugs has been an
a complete failure in in the decades
that has it's been
uh in action
where we are seeing improvement in
countries like portugal for example is
when
there is a different tact to tackling
drug issues some of them by taking away
the criminal element of drug use some
more progressive thinking around drug
use rather than the same old same old
war and drugs we're going to come down
hard and stop it i mean the one fact
that you will not be able to stop is
that people will use drugs
recreationally and no amount of
legislation and measures that you can
take is ever going to stop that really
yeah i mean you know i've said i grew up
in emporia over east london and you know
there was a lot of cannabis use around
me in the area i grew up and i've seen
the damage that it can do to people and
to families and people's lives and uh
you know after that i went to work in
the city for five years so then i've
seen the damage that cocaine can do to
people as well like it's people from
totally different backgrounds in totally
different spaces so like what you have
is people from very different
backgrounds using drugs for very
different reasons um
you know i think the statistics show us
that this sort of
this sort of language war on drugs
clamped down on drugs it hasn't tended
to be effective um for me personally
having seen so much drugs around me i
think you need to look at the reasons
why people are doing this often there's
mental health reasons in the background
um you know often especially when people
come from poverty you know
at the moment we've seen a situation
where
people's financial lives are getting
more and more difficult what i see a lot
of in london is young men being told you
need to make money and get rich but
there's no opportunity for them to do
that and this is causing these guys to
get so stressed out they're looking for
any kind of release so to be honest i
mean i think it's a little bit of
political point scoring because he knows
it'll work well with some people who
like the idea of tough on drugs it's not
working if you're not dealing with the
actual fundamental issues that happen in
people's lives i don't think you're
going to make any progress
kirsty i want to pick your brains on
this because the sunday times today
reports that sniffer dogs could prowl
the corridors of westminster amid fears
that cannabis and cocaine are openly
used on the parliamentary estate it says
speaker lindsey hoyle sir lindsey hoyle
is investigating westminster drug
culture after traces of cocaine were
detected an anonymous special adviser
tells the paper that everyone knows who
in westminster is taking drugs and which
offices to visit to buy a joint now in
your previous role of of uh you know
working in the papers uh and the sunday
express going up and down the corridors
of the palace of westminster
was was there a sort of a common
knowledge that drugs were being used and
on the palaces of westminster on the
estate
uh yeah is it is a brutal crime oh there
we go
i mean not not to the point where i'd
say you know turn right on the fourth
floor you can score a joint from you
know room 20 whatever but um
but yes i mean you knew who was who was
who was using and who wasn't um it was
pretty common knowledge and it was
pretty common knowledge that you know
you know there was quite a sort of drug
culture there but i think you know and
this is the interesting thing about coke
and and and the interesting thing i
think for me about this interview
there is
very few things get my goat more than
upper middle-class people snorting a
line of coke at a party or in the pub or
whatever then go home and you know have
their fair trade cups of tea and their
organic bananas and eat their quinoa and
worry about the world and see no link
between the line of coke they've just
snorted and the kids bleeding out on the
streets of london and liverpool and
manchester the county lines and the
human misery that that causes now i
don't know if you can legislate against
middle class people's inability to see
you know how with one hand they think
that they're saving the world and on the
other they don't care about kids dying
on their own streets but what i would
like to see is influencers in
westminster in the music industry in you
know entertainment industry where
cocaine is arrived taking a stand
against this and beginning to shame
people who just stop using it because it
it is utterly destroying some of the you
know some of our estates some of the
families and half of the drug problems
in our country are caused by you know
upper middle class people who think that
they are you know worthier than now and
holy and now who care about fair trade
and and free range eggs i don't care
about kids bleeding out on our street
from it absolutely gets my goat okay
and but do you think that a war on drugs
as described in the prime minister's
interview in the sun on sunday
is going to be the solution on this i
mean i i've lost count of how many wars
on drugs we've had and how much
legislation has been passed to crack
down hard to stop county lines to put
those responsible for pushing drugs to
kids behind bars
none of it has worked where we have seen
reduction in drug abuse is in places
like portugal where decriminalization of
drugs has been very successful we've
seen large parts of america
decriminalize cannabis we've seen
you know the netherlands have a culture
on drugs that's very different where
we've seen drug use go down is when
people have stopped talking about a war
on drugs and have actually been
realistic of what drugs people are going
to use and how they can help people that
get into trouble when using drugs
um well i mean i i i'm not entirely sure
that the evidence of decriminalization
uh is all that is all about black and
white well you look at portugal and and
it's very hard to argue with their drug
use because it's significantly reduced
when they started taking a different
approach to having a simple war on drugs
well well okay i i am i am i remain
unconvinced that decriminalization is
necessarily the answer i certainly don't
think the decriminalization of all drugs
is the answer i think resources is some
of the issue but i think a lot of this
has to be a society whole society
problem this isn't just for governments
to solve or for the police to solve or a
matter of resources it's for people to
own up and take responsibility for what
they're doing and understand the impact
and not be shamed into understanding the
impact of what they're doing and the
consequences on communities poor
communities in their own country and and
the misery that they are causing because
they want to snort a line on a saturday
night so they can party for another half
an hour that's where i think some real
impact could be made if people within
industries where drug taking is rife
start to take a stand
now the lead story of the independent
online is about a group of senior
conservatives demanding a radical
overhaul of the asylum system to allow
migrants to claim refuge at uk embassies
anywhere in the world rather than having
to travel to britain first it reports
that former cabinet ministers david
davis and andrew mitchell are amongst
those backing the initiative to reduce
the number of migrants attempting the
dangerous channel crossings the
independent describes this as a stark
challenge to what it calls the punitive
approach taken by boris johnson and the
home secretary pretty patel who have
demanded tighter controls on french
beaches and threatened to push back
small boats at sea gary what do you make
of this do you think it'll it'll make a
difference do you think it'll stop
people desperate people making that
completely
crazy journey not just over the channel
but even the land journey is is a very
very dangerous journey at that
well you need to speak to an expert on
asylum seekers
but it looks in theory to me like it
prevents channel crossings you know if
people are able to make the application
without crossing the channel why on
earth would you cross the channel i just
wanted to take a little bit i've been
asked to speak a few times recently
about the migrant crisis and um
there's a real dangerous confusion the
way we speak about it between
immigration in general and asylum
seekers
asylum seekers a tiny tiny overall
operation so we don't need to treat
asylum seekers terribly in order to keep
migration down you it's because there
are tiny tiny fractions so for me you
know we should be a humane country and
treat asylum seek as well and also
separately decide the level of migration
that we want and i think these issues
are conflated like a ridiculous amount
we can treat asylum seekers as well and
it will not affect overall migration
because asylum seekers are a tiny tiny
percentage of overall migration in this
country they're separate issues
kirsty what are your what's your take on
this briefly
yeah i agree with going up to a point i
think the um
i think there's a lot of conflation
between migration and asylum i think
this is um
uh
an attempt obviously to try and and
ease the pressure between france and
britain and people turning up in calais
and and trying to make those terrible
crossings
um uh look i don't whether whether it
would prevent people uh turning up and
taking taking their chances and the
horrendous horrendous human trafficking
that has grown up around this i don't
know i i doubt it i suspect
i don't think because if you are a
legitimate asylum seeker you would be
able to turn up
at an embassy and if you are not you
will still
try and make the crossing
i i think you may be right i don't think
there is a silver bullet i don't think
we're going to end crossings once and
for all with one foul swoop but it
sounds
like a a sensible thing to do to perhaps
give people more opportunities to apply
for asylum to apply to come to the uk
because recently of course all those uh
avenues have been uh reduced over the
years so people are forced to make that
journey over the water now look one last
story uh here's a question for you how
does prince william get himself going on
a monday morning well apparently he
listens to this
that's uh thunderstruck by ac dc didn't
even play the best bits and that's the
one thing we learned from the duke of
cambridge's appearance on apple's uh
time to walk podcast which encourages
people to take a stroll to boot their
boost their well-being many of the
papers pick up some of his other
comments in the main story uh it leads
both on the mail on sunday and the
sunday express under the headline
williams mental health crisis the mail
speaks of the prince being engulfed by a
dark cloud of anguish and depression
when a helicopter as a helicopter
ambulance pilot he helped to save a
badly injured young boy of similar age
to his son
george uh gary um
we've definitely entered a new era of
how we talk about the royals and how we
see the raws a lot of them sharing
personal stories like mental health
yeah and you know we've definitely also
been in the new era in the way we talk
about mental health which i think is
fantastic and super important because
you know you know i'm not too old myself
and what i see often around me is
so many young people struggling with
mental health problems and uh you know
prince william he's gone on this podcast
which encourages people to take a walk
you know and i think that's that's a
great idea you know if you're struggling
to mess up go take a walk um it can help
but i think it runs the risk of perhaps
trivializing what's happening from the
economic perspective because look what
is happening right ordinary people's
wages are not keeping up with cost of
living house prices are doubling food
prices going up bills are going up
ordinary people are being continually
squeezed economically while the super
rich are making an enormous amount of
money and yet we're turning around and
said well have you thought about taking
a walk you know ordinary young people in
this country can't afford
housing secure housing to raise their
kids in
if you don't provide that
you will have a mental health crisis so
listen if prince william is listening to
aggressive music and that's helping him
feel better good for prince william a
good big family you know what i mean by
the same time let's address the real
problems and not trivialize the
seriousness that is happening because of
economic reasons okay uh some good
points there kirsty very very briefly
what are your thoughts
uh look one in four of us suffer from
mental health problems at some point in
their life i think
the duke of cambridge wants to talk
openly and emotively and very honestly
about his mental health problems so that
can only be for the benefit to encourage
others to do the same
look thank you both uh sorry to rush you
run all the way out of time too many
stories uh to talk about today thank you
kirsty buchanan former political editor
at the sunday express and special
advisor 10 downing street and also
economist and former city trader trader
gary stevenson uh plenty to come after
the news stick around it's the sweet
bobby podcast
across the uk
on dab
online and on your smart speaker
this is times radio
housing could be so much more affordable
wages could be so much higher and we
could have so many more options in how
we live our lives some of them put a lot
of money into paying economists and
think tanks to tell you that inequality
is important for the economy
that is not true
[Music]